feat: trigger skill (#2324)
GreptimeTeam/docs: skills/greptimedb-trigger/SKILL.md

---
name: greptimedb-trigger

> description: Guide for creating GreptimeDB triggers, by which we can trigger external webhook like alert manager. This feature can be used as alternative to Prometheus alert rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Guide for creating GreptimeDB triggers, by which we can trigger external webhook like Alertmanager. This feature can be used as alternative to Prometheus alerting rule.
```
